# Visualization #1

We chose this representation because we wanted to visualize the relationship between each of our key variable and boat
speed. We decided that a scatter plot with a line of best fit would best illustrate the relationships in the data that
caused us to investigate these metrics.

We could have alternatively communicated this result by simply doing a line graph to illustrate the relationship between
each variable and boat speed. Additionally, we could have put all of the line graphs on the same chart with a legend to
separate them. This would have been less effective, however, as the multiple lines on one graph would have been harder
to identify visually, and the lack of scatterplot would not reveal the underlying data that the line were derived from,
making them less effective as a tool for understanding the data.

A challenge in visualizing this result was deciding if we should put all of the line graphs on the same chart with a
legend to separate them. Ultimately, we decided that we did not want to overcomplicate the visualization and try to
preserve the trends of the original data as much as possible.

This visualization does not require addional text (other than the title) to understand the overall graph type of the
scatter plot and line of best fit. We believe that it is fairly understandable, as each key variable is presented on
each X axis with boat speed on each Y axis.

# Visualization #2

We chose this representation because we wanted to visualize the results of our multivariable regression. We decided to
use a coefficient plot to show the coefficients and their 95% confidence intervals as determined by the results of our
multivariable regression.

We could have alternatively communicated this result by using a series of 3D multiple regression charts. Multivariable
regression results can be shown by 3D charts that present the 'plane' of best fit through the data. This, however, would
have been less effective as our data had 3 independent variables and thus would have been 4-Dimensional, making it
difficult to graph. We could have done a series of 3D graphs to illustrate the combinations of pairs of independent
variables, however, we believe that this would have overcomplicated the results, making for a less effective
visualization.

A challenge in visualizing this result was that our data had 3 independent variables. A 3D regression graph would have
been an easy option for an effective graph had our data only had 2 independent variables, however, since we had 3, this
was not easily possible. To avoid overcomplicating the visualization we opted for a simpler coefficient plot which
illustrates the statistical significance of the Average Watts variable and statistical insignificance of the Watt
Variance and Average Effective Length Variables in our model.

This visualization does not require additional text (given that the viewer understands the concept of a 95% confidence
interval).